{{aside( page="plugins index")}}

Renders a google map within the wiki page.
Google maps require you to be registered, so you will need to get a key from google. You can specify this key in two ways.

# Set it in the configuration file
# Specify it using the key parameter every time you use the googleMap plugin.

Option 1 is easier in the long run, here's what you need to add to your config file :

{{{
wikiEngine.getAttributes().setAttribute( "googleMap_key", "YOUR KEY HERE" );
}}}

See also [googleMapLink (plugin)].

== Details ==

{{plugin plugin="googleMap"}}

===longitude and latitude===
The main place of interest.

===target===
A marker placed at the main place of interest (longitude,latitude).

===start===
A placename such as a town, road name etc. Create a route from start to the main place of interest (longitude,latitude).
Google will perform ''geolocation'' on the ``start`` to find the coordinates. 

===startLongitude , startLatitude===
Creates a route, just like the 'start' parameter, but uses coordinates instead of a place name.

Using just ``start``, is oviously easier than ``startLongitude`` and 
``startLatitude``, but the former sometimes goes wrong, and you are forced to use the latter.

==Example==
{{googleMap(longitude="51.51443671997459" latitude="-0.10815234999995482" target="Fleet Street" startLongitude="51.48622649744676" startLatitude="-0.06953240000007099")}}
== Administrator Notes ==

The resulting html makes use of the following css classes :

* ``googleMap_map``
* ``googleMap_caption``
* ``googleMap_directions``

It is vital that you define ``googleMap_map`` with a width and a height, as that is how the map size is determined.
