{{aside (page="wiki/syntax index")}}

{{toc}}

Tables are the most complex parts of this wiki. Here's a simple table :

== The Basics ==

{{{
{|
| Hello | World
|-
| Goobye
| bye
|}
}}}

{|
| Hello | World
|-
| Goobye
| bye
|}

To the start and end of a table are "{|" and "|}". i.e. a curly bracket and a pipe symbold (to the left of the "Z" on many keyboards).

Each cell within the table begins with a pipe symbol ("|").
Note that cells within a single row do NOT have to be on the same line.

To start a new row, use "|-" (pipe, minus).

== Headings ==

Heading cells are slightly different from a normal table cell, use two pipe symbols like so :

{|
|| Heading
|-
| not a heading
|}

{{{

{|
|| Heading
|-
| not a heading
|}

}}}

== Widths and Heights ==

You can set the width and height of the table as a whole, or individual cells.
You can use css units (percentages (%), pixels (px), points (pt), and 'M' widths (em).

{|(width="80%" height="160px")
|(width="100px" height="100px") 100x100 pixels
|The rest of the width
|-
|abc | def
|}

Here's the wiki markup :

{{{
{|(width="80%" height="160px")
|(width="100px" height="100px") 100x100 pixels
|The rest of the width
|-
|abc | def
|}
}}}

== Paragraphs within Tables ==

By default, table cells do not use paragraphs.
This is because the extra padding of paragraphs is usually not desirable within tables.
However, sometimes, tables are used for large portions of text, and in those cases, paragraphs ''are'' required.
To enable paragraphs, add <nowiki>"((" and "))"</nowiki> around the text within a table cell.

This example is a standard table with just one cell, without <nowiki>"((" and "))"</nowiki> so there is no padding for paragraphs.

{|
|
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.

Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.
|}

Compare it with this, where paragraphs are enabled.

{|
|
((
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.

Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.
))
|}

And here is the wiki markup :

{{{
{|
|
((
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing
elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et
dolore magna aliqua.

Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation
ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo
consequat.
))
|}
}}}
